Add a note about Apple M1 SoC (#13598)
kyma-project/kyma: docs/04-operation-guides/operations/02-install-kyma.md

## Provision and install

> > **NOTE:** Installation with k3d cluster does not work on Apple M1 SoC.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **CAUTION:** Installation on a local k3d cluster does not work on Apple M1 SoC due to Istio installation error. 
```
